Add changelogs 1.31.1, 1.30.3, 1.29.6 (#1011)
coder/docs: changelog/1.31.1.md

---
title: "1.31.1"
description: "Released on 06/01/2022"
---

### Breaking changes ❗

There are no breaking changes in 1.31.1.

### Features ✨

- infra: doubled the UID and GID map size for cached CVMs from 65k to 131k.

### Bug fixes 🐛

- infra: fixed panic preventing cached CVMs from starting on some Kubernetes installations.

### Security updates 🔐

> There are no security updates in 1.30.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no security updates in 1.31.1.
```
